Add SRFA quick-start docs for 2.14 (#1107)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.14/modules/en/pages/about-rancher/what-is-rancher.adoc

{rancher-product-name} (SRA/SRFA) simplifies Amazon EKS cluster creation with:

Deployment Architecture:: Hosted securely within AWS and fully managed by SUSE as a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) offering.
Cluster Operations:: Enables administrators to provision, import, and centrally manage Amazon EKS clusters and other Kubernetes workloads from a single interface.
Access and Governance:: Consolidates cluster security through built-in authentication, role-based access control (RBAC), and global policy enforcement.
AWS Integrations:: Native integration with AWS services, including Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Q, to extend cluster environments with generative AI capabilities.
Self-Service:: Streamlines cluster creation for developers and platform teams.
Simple Wizard:: Uses t-shirt sizing (S/M/GPU) instead of standard AWS instance types.
Real-Time Cost Estimates:: Provides cost estimates before provisioning.
Unified Billing:: Consolidates subscription and usage costs directly into your existing AWS account.
Secure by Default:: Automatically integrates with IAM roles and Pod Identity.
Vendor Support:: Includes enterprise-grade technical support directly from SUSE.

[NOTE]
====

> {rancher-product-name} is a distinct, fully managed Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) offering. This differs from deploying and managing the Rancher server manually on Amazon EKS. If you intend to install and manage your own Rancher deployment on an EKS cluster, refer to xref:installation-and-upgrade/hosted-kubernetes/rancher-on-amazon-eks.adoc[Installing Rancher on Amazon EKS].

Reviewer: We need to use an external link since we don't include `installation-and-upgrade` in SRFA builds.

We should probably also introduce an attribute (i.e. `rancher-docs-version`) to the SRFA antora.yml so that external links to Rancher can be bulk "updated" in the future.

```suggestion
{rancher-product-name} is a distinct, fully managed Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) offering. This differs from deploying and managing the Rancher server manually on Amazon EKS. If you intend to install and manage your own Rancher deployment on an EKS cluster, refer to https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/v2.14/en/installation-and-upgrade/hosted-kubernetes/rancher-on-amazon-eks.html[Installing Rancher on Amazon EKS].
```

Author: Addressed by https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/pull/1132, thanks.
